Add SCIM provisioning documentation for HCP (#2561)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/hcp-docs/content/docs/hcp/iam/users.mdx

time, the HCP Portal takes you to the [create organization](https://portal.cloud.hashicorp.com/orgs/create) page to set up your organization. You can invite additional users to the organization so that
they can access the resources.

## User provisioning methods

HCP supports two methods for adding and managing users in your organization:

- **Manual provisioning** - Invite users by email and manage them directly in HCP. This is the default method.

> - **SCIM provisioning** - Automatically sync users from your identity provider when SCIM is enabled. Users are created, updated, and removed based on changes in your identity provider.

Reviewer: For an SSO org there are two methods of provisioning but if we are explaining this in general then I would say:
HCP supports three methods for adding and managing users in your organization:

- Manual provisioning – Invite users by email and manage them directly in HCP. This is the default method.
- Just-in-Time (JIT) provisioning – Users are automatically created in HCP the first time they successfully authenticate through your configured SSO identity provider. This is a feature turned off by default but customers can request this to be turned on via a support ticket. Maybe we should leave this one out?
- SCIM provisioning – Automatically synchronize users from your identity provider when SCIM is enabled. Users are created, updated, and deprovisioned based on changes in your identity provider.

> - **SCIM provisioning** - Automatically sync users from your identity provider when SCIM is enabled. Users are created, updated, and removed based on changes in your identity provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HCP supports the following methods for adding and managing users in your organization:

- Manual provisioning: Invite users by email and manage them directly in HCP. This is the default method. Refer to [Invite users](#invite-users) for more information.
- SSO just-in-time (JIT) provisioning: HCP automatically creates users the first they successfully authenticate with your identity provider using SSO.  Refer to [Single sign-on (SSO) overview](/hcp/docs/hcp/iam/sso) for more information.
- SCIM provisioning: Automatically sync users from your identity provider when SCIM is enabled. HCP creates, updates, and removes users based on changes in your identity provider. Enabling SCIM disables SSO JIT provisioning. Refer to [SCIM provisioning](/hcp/docs/hcp/iam/scim) for more information.
```
